Proposal to increase block rewards to 5 ETH (#3143)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-3143.md

> Therefore, the ultimate end goal for this EIP is to give POW miners more incentive to switch to POS once ETH 2.0 is fully implemented since the transition will take a few years to complete and during that time, they will be incentivised to hold on to the tokens instead of selling it straightaway in order to prepare to be a validator for ETH 2.0, reducing the selling pressure on ETH and increasing it's value in the long run. A side effect of miners staying on Ethereum is that network security will be assured during the transition period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, the ultimate end goal for this EIP is to give POW miners more incentive to switch to POS once ETH 2.0 is fully implemented since the transition will take a few years to complete and during that time, they will be incentivised to hold on to the tokens instead of selling it straight away in order to prepare to be a validator for ETH 2.0, reducing the selling pressure on ETH and increasing it's value in the long run. A side effect of miners staying on Ethereum is that network security will be assured during the transition period.
```
CI won't let me merge without this.
